% rgrc(1)

## NAME

**rgrc** - Rusty Generic Colouriser

## SYNOPSIS

**rgrc** [*options*] *COMMAND* [*args*] ...

## DESCRIPTION

**rgrc** runs any command and colourises its output according to a set of rules. Rules are imported from **grc** and **grcat** configuration files.

## OPTIONS

- **--help**  
  Show summary of options.

- **--aliases**  
  Output a list of shell commands to generate aliases for supported and installed binaries.

- **--all-aliases**  
  Output a list of shell commands with aliases for all supported binaries.

- **--except**=*alias*[,*alias*[,...]]  
  List of aliases to exclude from list of shell commands generated by **--aliases** or **--all-aliases**.

- **--color**=[on,off,auto]  
  Enable/disable color output (default auto).

## CONFIGURATION FILES

**rgrc** reads its configuration from all of the following locations (same format as **rgrc.conf**), if available. All matching rules are read and used.

```
~/.rgrc
~/.config/rgrc/rgrc.conf
/usr/local/etc/rgrc.conf
/etc/rgrc.conf
~/.grc
~/.config/grc/grc.conf
/usr/local/etc/grc.conf
/etc/grc.conf
```

Any **grcat** configuration (e.g. **conf.**_xyz_) are searched for in all of these locations. Only the first found file is read and used.

```
~/.config/rgrc
~/.local/share/rgrc
/usr/local/share/rgrc
/usr/share/rgrc
~/.config/grc
~/.local/share/grc
/usr/local/share/grc
/usr/share/grc
```

To extend the existing configuration for a command that is already configured, simply add a new rule in **~/.rgrc** and have a unique **conf.**_command_. To replace existing rules for a known command, create **~/.config/rgrc/conf.**_command_ and it will be used instead of the one from **/usr/share/grc**.

## SEE ALSO

**grc**(1), **grcat**(1)

## AUTHOR

Written by Lazy Walker <l4zywalk3r@gmail.com>
